fix: add X-Forwarded-For header requirement details for self-managed domains (#1167)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/customize/custom-domains/self-managed-certificates.mdx

3. The way you configure the proxy server will vary depending on the service you use. You will likely need to configure the following types of settings:

* [Distribution](#distribution-settings)
* [Origin hostname](#origin-hostname-settings)

> * [Origin HTTP headers](#origin-http-headers)

Reviewer: perhaps just "HTTP headers" now? as the headers are for the origin host, an API key, and the origin*ating* user IP address.

Author: Yep, that works! 👍

3. The way you configure the proxy server will vary depending on the service you use. You will likely need to configure the following types of settings:

* [Distribution](#distribution-settings)
* [Origin authentication headers](#origin-authentication-header-settings)
* [Origin hostname](#origin-hostname-settings)

> * [Original client ip address](#original-client-ip-address)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Origin client IP address](#origin-client-ip-address)
```

| Server Name Indication (SNI) | Use the name you provided for the Origin hostname. |

For more information on retrieving the details of your custom domain, see [Get custom domain configurations](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2/custom-domains/get-custom-domains).

### Origin HTTP headers

| Header Name | Value |
| --- | --- |
| host | Use the name you provided for the Origin hostname. |
| cname-api-key | Set to the CNAME API Key value that you were given immediately after you verified ownership of your domain name with Auth0. You must set this header for Auth0 to accept traffic from your proxy. |

> | x-forwarded-for | Set to the end user's IP address. Do not specify multiple IP addresses. <br/><br/> You can specify a different header for the user's IP address by using the Management API's [Configure a new custom domain endpoint](/docs/api/management/v2/custom-domains/post-custom-domains) to set the `custom_client_ip_header` property. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Host` | The [origin hostname](#origin-hostname-settings). |
| `cname-api-key` | The CNAME API Key value that you were given immediately after you verified ownership of your domain name with Auth0. You must set this header for Auth0 to accept traffic from your proxy. |
| `X-Forwarded-For` | The end user's IP address. Do not specify multiple IP addresses. <br/><br/> You can specify a different header for the user's IP address by using the Management API's [Configure a new custom domain endpoint](/docs/api/management/v2/custom-domains/post-custom-domains) to set the `custom_client_ip_header` property. |
```

| Origin Protocol Policy | Set to `HTTPS Only`. |
| Alternate Domain Names (CNAMEs) | Set to your custom domain name (the same one your configured in the Auth0 Dashboard). |

### Origin authentication header settings

| Setting | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Header Name | Set to `cname-api-key`. |

> | Value | Set to the CNAME API Key value that you were given immediately after you verified ownership of your domain name with Auth0. This header is required to be set for Auth0 to accept traffic from your proxy. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Value | Set to the CNAME API Key value that you were given immediately after you verified ownership of your domain name with Auth0. You must set this header for Auth0 to accept traffic from your proxy. |
```

For more information on retrieving the details of your custom domain, see [Get custom domain configurations](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2/custom-domains/get-custom-domains).

### Original client ip address

| Setting | Value |
| --- | --- |
| X-Forwarded-For | Have your proxy set this header to the end user's IP address. Auth0 uses this for features such as anomaly detection, rate limiting, and MFA.  Just one ip address is expected. In case it's not possible to set `X-Forwarded-For`, using [Post custom domain configurations](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2/custom-domains/post-custom-domains) the property `custom_client_ip_header` can be set to configure an alternative header name. |

<Info>
  If your proxy does not forward the end user's IP address, Auth0 will treat your proxy's IP address as the client. This can cause anomaly detection, rate limiting, and MFA to behave incorrectly.

> </Info>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Origin client IP address

| Setting | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Origin IP address | Set the `X-Forwarded-For` (XFF) header to the end user's IP address. Do not specify multiple IP addresses. <br/><br/> You can specify a different header for the user's IP address by using the Management API's [Configure a new custom domain endpoint](/docs/api/management/v2/custom-domains/post-custom-domains) to set the `custom_client_ip_header` property. |

Auth0 uses the end user's IP address for features such as anomaly detection, rate limiting, and MFA. If your proxy does not forward the end user's IP address, Auth0 treats your proxy's IP address as the client, which may cause these features to behave incorrectly.
```
